{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1044{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\f0\fs28 RadASM.ini, Assembler.ini and project file documentation. (Version 2.2.1.7)\par
\par
\cf2\fs20 In this documentation the terms \cf1 TRUE \cf2 and \cf1 FALSE\cf2  is used. In the actual ini file use 1 and 0.\par
\cf1\fs24\par
Path acronyms\cf2\fs20\par
\par
$A\tab Masm32 path (C:\\Masm32)\par
$B\tab Binary path where rc.exe, ml.exe and link.exe is found ($A\\Bin)\par
$C\tab Current project path.\par
$D\tab Addins path ($R\\AddIns)\par
$E\tab Debug path (C:\\OllyDbg)\par
$H\tab Help file path ($A\\Help)\par
$I\tab Include path ($A\\Include)\par
$L\tab Library path ($A\\Lib)\par
$M\tab Keyboard macro path ($R\\Masm\\Macro)\par
$P\tab Projects path ($R\\Masm\\Projects)\par
$R\tab Path where RadASM is started (\\RadASM)\par
$S\tab Sniplets path ($R\\Masm\\Sniplets)\par
$T\tab Templates path ($R\\Masm\\Templates)\par
\par
\cf1\ul\fs28 RadASM.ini\ulnone\par
\cf2\fs20\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Window]\par
\cf0\fs20\par
Mdi frame and tool windows.\par
\cf2 Maintauned by RadASM, and Option / Tool Windows.\par
\cf0\par
\cf2 Maximized=\tab\tab\tab\tab Is mdi frame maximized, TRUE or FALSE\par
TopMost=\tab\tab\tab\tab Is mdi frame topmost, TRUE or FALSE\par
SingleInstance=\tab\tab\tab\tab Open RadASM in single instance, TRUE or FALSE\par
Left=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Mdi frame left position in pixels\par
Top=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Mdi frame top position in pixels\par
Width=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Mdi frame width in pixels\par
Height=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Mdi frame height in pixels\par
ToolBar=\tab\tab\tab\tab Is toolbar visible, TRUE or FALSE\par
StatusBar=\tab\tab\tab\tab Is statusbar visible, TRUE or FALSE\par
Find=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Position of Find dialog. Left, Top\par
Goto=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Position of Goto dialog. Left, Top\par
ProWiz=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Position of Project Wizard dialog. Left, Top\par
ProOpt=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Position of Project Option dialog. Left, Top, Width\par
RightCaption=\tab\tab\tab\tab Right caption on TOP and BOTTOM tool windows\par
Divider=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The mdi frame has a divider line below the toolbar\par
MultiLine=\tab\tab\tab\tab Tab select tool window has multiline tabs\par
AutoLoad=\tab\tab\tab\tab Last project auto loaded, TRUE or FALSE\par
Project=\tab\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab Project tool window description\par
Output=\tab\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab Output tool window description\par
ToolBox=\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab ToolBox tool window description\par
Property\tab =\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab Property tool window description\par
TabTool\tab =\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab TabTool tool window description\par
InfoTool\tab =\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab TabTool tool window description\par
Tool1\tab =\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab TabTool tool window description\par
Tool2\tab =\tab <ToolWinDes>\tab\tab TabTool tool window description\par
ToolClipping=\tab <ToolWinClip>\tab\tab The order which the tools are created and hence clipped.\par
\cf0 Font=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Font (Tahoma), Size (-11), Italics (0), Weight (400), CharSet (0)\par
Magnify=\tab\tab\tab\tab Magnify 32 equals x 1, 40 equals x 1.25\par
Language=\tab\tab\tab\tab Language file (RadXXX.lng)\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Tool window description\cf2\fs20\par
ToolWindow=\tab\tab\tab\tab Project, Output, ToolBox, Property, TabTool,InfoTool,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Tool1 or Tool2\par
Visible,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Is tool window visible, TRUE or FALSE\par
Docked,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Is tool window docked, TRUE or FALSE\par
Position,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Docked position, Left=1, Top=2, Right=3, Bottom=4\par
IsChildOf,\tab\tab\tab\tab 0=Not a child, 1 to 5 child of tool window 1 to 5\par
DockedWidth,\tab\tab\tab\tab Width of docked tool window\par
DockedHeight,\tab\tab\tab\tab Height of docked tool window\par
FloatingLeft,\tab\tab\tab\tab Floating tool window left position in pixels\par
FloatingTop,\tab\tab\tab\tab Floating tool window top position in pixels\par
FloatingWidth,\tab\tab\tab\tab Floating tool window width in pixels\par
FloatingHeight\tab\tab\tab\tab Floating tool window height in pixels\par
\cf0\par
\cf1\fs24 Tool window clipping\par
\cf2\fs20 t1,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab First tool created\par
t2,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t3,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t4,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t5,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t6,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t7,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab .\par
t8\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Last tool created and will be clipped by all others.\par
\cf1\fs24\par
Tool window numbering used in ToolClipping\cf2\fs20\par
1= Project\par
2=Output\par
3=ToolBox\par
4=Property\par
5=TabTool\par
6=InfoTool\par
7=Tool1\par
8=Tool2\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [FileBrowser]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
File browser.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
\par
Filter=.Ext1.[Ext2.[Ext3.]]\tab\tab\tab Note the use of ' . ' before and after file extention\par
x=Path\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 9. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Path acronym allowed\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Open]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Files to be opened in external programs.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
\par
x=.Ext1.[Ext2.[Ext3.]],Command\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Note the use of ' . ' before and after file extention\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Command is the program to launch.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Path acronym allowed\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Splash]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
RadASM splash screen.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Bmp=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Bitmap filename. Path acronym allowed\par
nShow=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Time to show in 10ms steps\par
x=Left,Top,Text\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 8. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Left is offset in pixels from the left\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Top is offset in pixels from the top\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the text to draw on bitmap.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab $V is the RadASM version\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Assembler]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Assemblers supported by RadASM.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
\par
Assembler=asm1[,asm2[,asm3[,asm4]]]\tab List of supported assemblers / programming languages\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The first in the list is the default.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Sniplet]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Sniplet window options.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
\par
Expanded=\tab\tab\tab\tab Open with file tree expanded, TRUE or FALSE\par
SelAll=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Double click action, select all text, TRUE or FALSE\par
CopyTo=\tab\tab\tab\tab Double click action, 0=Editor, 1=Clipboard, 2=Output\par
Close=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Double click action, close when done, TRUE or FALSE\par
Left=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sniplet window left position in pixels\par
Top=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sniplet window top position in pixels\par
Width=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sniplet window width in pixels\par
Height=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sniplet window height in pixels\par
Split=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Sniplet window split in pixels\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [AddIns]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
RadASM addins.\par
Maintained by addin manager.\par
\par
x=AddIn.dll,y[,z]\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 64. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The dll must be in the AddIns folder.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The parameter y is passed to the dll and is used\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab by the dll for option settings.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab z is optional, if FALSE then dll will not be loaded\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MRU-Projects]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Most recent list of projects.\par
Maintained by RadASM.\par
\par
x=MenuText,P,ProjectFile\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 4. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab MenuText is the text shown on the file menu\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab P is used by RadASM\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ProjectFile is the project file with full path.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [RecentFiles]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Most recent list of files.\par
Maintained by RadASM.\par
\par
x=FileName\tab\tab\tab\tab FileName is the file with full path.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuTools]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Default Tools menu.\par
Manually maintained. Customized menu saved to assembler.ini.\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,T,Command[,File]\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab MenuText is the text shown on the menu\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Accel is the asigned accelerator key\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab T is used by RadASM\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Command is the program to run. Path acronym allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Optional File. $ Current open file without extention,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab $$ Current open file, 0 to 19 Project file (see MakeFiles).\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuHelp]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Default Help menu.\par
Manually maintained. Customized menu saved to assembler.ini.\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,H,HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab See Tools menu\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [F1-Help]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Default F1-help key asignment. If section exist in assembler.ini then it is read from assembler.ini.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
F1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to F1. Path acronym allowed\par
CF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Ctrl+F1\par
SF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Shift+F1\par
CSF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Ctrl+Shift+F1\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Template]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Template file types.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Txt=.Ext1.[Ext2.[Ext3.]]\tab\tab\tab Files that shold be handeled as text files\par
Bin=.Ext1.[Ext2.[Ext3.]]\tab\tab\tab Files that shold be handeled as binary files\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Note the use of ' . ' before and after extention.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [CustomControl] (Obsoleted, see [CustCtrl])\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Custom controls addins.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
ToolTip,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Toolbox button tool tip text.\par
DllName.dll,\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename for the dll.\par
ClassName,\tab\tab\tab\tab Controls class name.\par
ID name,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default ID name.\par
Caption,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default caption.\par
Style,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default Style.\par
ExStyle,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default ExStyle.\par
Disable child,\tab\tab\tab\tab If the control has child windows, try 1 or 2, else 0.\par
Properties description1,\tab\tab\tab 1'st 32 bits binary number for properties handling.\par
Properties description2\tab\tab\tab 2'nd 32 bits binary number for properties handling.\par
Index\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Optional. If the dll has more than one control then\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab specify index. (0 is first control)\par
\cf3\lang1033\f1\fs18\par
\cf1\lang1044\f0\fs24 Properties description1 starting with bit 31\lang1033\f1\fs20\par
\cf2\par
(Name)\tab\tab *\par
(ID)\tab\tab\tab *\par
Left\tab\tab\tab *\par
Top\tab\tab\tab *\par
Width\tab\tab\tab *\par
Height\tab\tab *\par
Caption\tab\tab *\par
Border\tab\tab *\par
SysMenu\par
MaxButton\par
MinButton\par
Enabled\tab\tab *\par
Visible\tab\tab *\par
Clipping\tab\tab *\par
ScrollBar\tab\tab *\par
Default\par
Auto\par
Alignment\par
Mnemonic\par
WordWrap\par
MultiLine\par
Type\par
Locked\par
Child\tab\tab\tab *\par
SizeBorder\par
TabStop\tab\tab *\par
Font\par
Menu\par
Class\par
Notify\par
AutoScroll\par
WantCr\par
\par
\cf1\lang1044\f0\fs24 Properties description2 starting with bit 31\cf2\lang1033\f1\fs20\par
\par
Sort\par
Flat\par
(StartID)\par
TabIndex\tab\tab *\par
Format\par
SizeGrip\par
Group\tab\tab\tab *\par
Icon\par
UseTabs\par
StartupPos\par
Orientation\par
SetBuddy\par
MultiSelect\par
HideSel\par
TopMost\par
xExStyle\tab\tab *\par
xStyle\tab\tab *\par
IntegralHgt\par
Image\par
Buttons\par
PopUp\par
OwnerDraw\par
\lang1044\f0 Transp\par
Timer\par
AutoPlay\par
WeekNum\par
AviClip\par
AutoSize\par
ToolTip\par
Wrap\par
Divider\par
\par
Note:\par
Only some of the properties are general and can be used by the custom control.\par
These properties are marked with *\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [CustCtrl]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Custom controls addins.\par
Maintained by RadASM option setting.\par
\par
x=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
DllName.dll,\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename for the dll.\cf1\fs28\par
\cf2\fs20 NoOfControls\tab\tab\tab\tab Optional. No of controls in the dll.\cf1\fs28\par
\cf2\fs20\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Color]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Color themes.\par
Maintained by  Colors & KeyWords option.\par
\par
x=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 15. No holes allowed\par
Name,\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Name for the color theme.\cf1\fs28\par
\cf2\fs20 List of colors\tab\tab\tab\tab List of 36 color values.\cf1\fs28\par
\cf2\fs20\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerInf]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Default versioninfo values.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Nme=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default name\par
ID=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default ID\par
FV=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default file version\par
PV=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default product version\par
VerOS=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default OS\par
VerFT=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default file type\par
VerLNG=\tab\tab\tab\tab Default language\par
VerCHS=\tab\tab\tab\tab Default character set\par
x=Text,Value\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 99. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the type you want a value for\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is the default value\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerOS]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Versioninfo OS'es.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Text,Value\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 99. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the type you want a value for\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is the default value\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerFT]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Versioninfo file types.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Text,Value\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 99. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the type you want a value for\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is the default value\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerLNG]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Versioninfo languages.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Text,Value\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 99. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the type you want a value for\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is the default value\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerCHS]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Versioninfo character sets.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Text,Value\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 99. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the type you want a value for\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is the default value\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Style]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Dialog edit style bits description.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=List\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 32. List is a list of\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab the style bits text description.\par
\par
\cf1\ul\fs28 Assembler.ini\cf2\ulnone\fs20\par
\par
(masm.ini, tasm.ini, fasm.ini, nasm.ini, goasm.ini, hla.ini, cpp.ini, bcet.ini, fb.ini, bcc.ini, lcc.ini)\cf1\fs28\par
\cf2\fs20\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Description]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
1=Text\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Description text. Supports \\r (Cr) and \\n (Lf)\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [CodeMacro]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Code writing macros.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=KeyWord,InsBefore,InsAfter\tab\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Keyword (.if, .else, .elseif, $ proc, $ struct)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can start with $, this means that the name comes first.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab InsBefore. Use one or more of the special commands.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab InsAfter. Use one or more of the special commands.\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Special commands\cf2\fs20\par
\{I\}=Copy indent from keyword line\par
\{C\}=Cr\par
\{S\}=Space\par
\{T\}=Tab\par
\{$\}=Copy proc / struct name\par
\par
Example (masm):\par
[CodeMacro]\par
1=.if,\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}.endif\par
2=.else,\{T\},\par
3=.elseif,\{T\},\par
4=.while,\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}.endw\par
5=$ macro,\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}endm\par
6=$ proc,\{T\}\{C\}\{I\}\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}\{T\}ret\{C\}\{C\}\{I\}\{$\} endp\par
7=$ struct,\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}\{$\} ends\par
8=$ struc,\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}\{$\} ends\par
9=Method,\{I\}\{T\}SetObject EDX\{C\}\{I\}\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}MethodEnd\par
10=Object,\{I\}\{T\},\{C\}\{I\}ObjectEnd\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Code]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to find and get code properties.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
ParseDll=\tab\tab\tab\tab Dll used for parsing (if any)\par
nAsm=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Overrides assembler type\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.inc for a list of types.\par
Skip=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Code=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Code2=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Const=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Data=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Macro=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Struct=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Struct2=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Local=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Label=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Other=[Name0,10[,Name1,11[,Name2,12[,Name3,13]]]]\par
Name0=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Name1=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Name2=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
Name3=KeyEnd,KeyStart1[,KeyStart2[,KeyStart3]]\par
\par
KeyEnd is the keyword that ends the scope. Can also be \{C\} for end of the line.\par
Can start / end with $, this means that the name comes first / second.\par
Can start / end with ?, this means that the optional name comes first / second.\par
KeyStart is the keyword that starts the scope. Can be a list of several keywords.\par
Can start with $, this means that the name comes first.\par
Other is a list of optional properties. There can be max 4 and has an ID ranged from 10 to 13\par
Name0 to Name3 is the names defined in the Other list.\par
\par
Example (masm):\par
[Code]\par
ParseDll=\par
nAsm=\par
Skip=\{C\},option\par
Code=? endp,$ proc\par
Const=\{C\},$ equ,$ =,$ textequ\par
Data=\{C\},$ db,$ dw,$ dd,$ dq,$ df,$ dt,$ byte,$ word,$ dword,$ qword,$ real4,$ real8\par
Macro=endm,$ macro\par
Struct=? ends,$ struct,$ struc\par
Local=\{C\},local $\par
Label=\{C\},$ :\par
Other=Methods,10,Objects,11\par
Methods=MethodEnd,Method $\par
Objects=ObjectEnd,Object $\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [CodeBlock]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to mark collapseable code blocks.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Start,End,DontHide1,DontHide2,flag[,wg\}\tab x is a number between 1 and 16. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Start  ($ proc, .if, .while, $ macro, $ struct)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab End ($ endp, .endif, .endw, $ endm, $ ends)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DontHide1 (.elseif)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DontHide2 (.else)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab * can be used as a wildcard in any of the above.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ? can be used instead of $ when name is optional.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab flag 1=No nesting, 2=Draws a divider line,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 4=Ending line is also collapsed,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 8=Look ahead for ending.,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 16=Segment block (collapse till next segment\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab block or to EOF)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab wg is optional word group (1=.rc file, all others are 0)\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1033\f2 Example (masm):\par
[CodeBlock]\par
\pard 1=$ proc,? endp,,,6\par
2=.if,.endif,.elseif,.else,0\par
3=.while,.endw,.break,,0\par
4=? struct,? ends,,,2\par
5=? struc,? ends,,,2\par
6=? union,? ends,,,2\par
7=$ macro,endm,,,14\par
8=.code,,,,16\par
9=.data,,,,16\par
10=.data?,,,,16\par
11=.const,,,,16\par
12=BEGIN,END,,,0,1\par
13=Method,MethodEnd,,,6\par
14=Object,ObjectEnd,,,4\par
15=Switch,endsw,Case,Default,0\par
16=;##\\,;##/,,,4\par
\lang1044\f0 17=comment,,,,32\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Api]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Code write helpers. (Listbox and tooltip)\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
NOTE!\par
For assemblers / compilers that supports several operating systems there can be more than one section with a different section name. The form [ApiXXXXX] is recomended.\par
\par
Trig=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of keywords that triggers the api list and tooltip\par
Call=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename of api list. Can be a commaseparated list of files.\par
Const=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename of api constants list. Can be a commaseparated list of files.\par
Struct=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename of structures list. Can be a commaseparated list of files.\par
Word=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename of word list for auto case convert. Can be a commaseparated\par
 \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab list of files.\par
Message=\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename for list of window messages. Can be a commaseparated list\par
 \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab of files.\par
Type=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename for list of datatypes. Can be a commaseparated list of files.\par
Inc=KW[,ST[,EN]]\tab\tab\tab Keyword, Start, End\par
Lib=KW[,ST[,EN]]\tab\tab\tab Keyword, Start, End\par
\par
Example (masm):\par
[Api]\par
Trig=invoke,call,@invoke,func(,$invoke(\par
Call=Masm\\masmApiCall.api\par
Const=Masm\\masmApiConst.api\par
Struct=Masm\\masmApiStruct.api\par
Word=Masm\\masmApiWord.api\par
Message=Masm\\masmMessage.api\par
Type=Masm\\masmType.api\par
inc=include\par
lib=includelib\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Edit]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Code editor and print options.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
Font=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor font\par
FontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor font size\par
FontWeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor font weight\par
FontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor character set\par
TxtFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Text editor font\par
TxtFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Text editor font size\par
TxtFontWeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Text editor font weight\par
TxtFontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab\tab Text editor character set\par
HexFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Hex editor font\par
HexFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Hex editor font size\par
HexFontWeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Hex editor font weight\par
HexFontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab\tab Hex editor character set\par
DlgFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Dialog editor font\par
DlgFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Dialog editor font size\par
DlgFontWeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Dialog editor font weight\par
DlgFontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab\tab Dialog editor character set\par
ToolFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Tool window font\par
ToolFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Tool window font size\par
ToolFontWeight=\tab\tab\tab Tool window font weight\par
ToolFontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab Tool window character set\par
PrnFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer font\par
PrnFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer font size\par
PrnFontWeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer font weight\par
PrnFontCharSet=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer character set\par
PrnPage=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer page setup\par
PrnOption=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer options\par
PrnColor=\tab\tab\tab\tab Printer colors\par
TabSize=\tab\tab\tab\tab Editor tab size\par
Backup=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Number of backups 0 to 9\par
AutoSave=\tab\tab\tab\tab Auto save before build, TRUE or FALSE\par
BacupPath=\tab\tab\tab\tab Backup path\par
AutoIndent=\tab\tab\tab\tab Copy indent from abowe line, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiList=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Show api listbox, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiToolTip=\tab\tab\tab\tab Show api tooltip, TRUE or FALSE\par
Properties=\tab\tab\tab\tab Show code properties, TRUE or FALSE\par
MouseWheel=\tab\tab\tab\tab Use mouse wheel, TRUE or FALSE\par
SaveSize=\tab\tab\tab\tab Save window size on close, TRUE or FALSE\par
Maximize=\tab\tab\tab\tab Maximize windows, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiConst=\tab\tab\tab\tab Show api constants listbox, TRUE or FALSE\par
CodeWrite=\tab\tab\tab\tab Use code write macros, TRUE or FALSE\par
TabToSpc=\tab\tab\tab\tab Convert tab to space as you type, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiStruct=\tab\tab\tab\tab Show api struct listbix, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiWordConv=\tab\tab\tab\tab Use word list case convert, TRUE or FALSE\par
ApiWordLocal=\tab\tab\tab\tab Add code properties to wordlist, TRUE or FALSE\par
CodeFiles=\tab\tab\tab\tab List of file extentions RadASM will handle as code\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab files. Note: List must end with a '.'\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Example: CodeFiles=.asm.inc.rc.tpl.rad.api.\par
ProcsToApi=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE or FALSE. Your projects procs will be added to\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab api list and api tooltip.\par
LnrFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab Linenumber font name.\par
LnrFontHeight=\tab\tab\tab\tab Linenumber font size.\par
LnrFontColor=\tab\tab\tab\tab Linenumber font color.\par
LnrWidth=\tab\tab\tab\tab Width of linenumber bar.\par
LnrOnOpen=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE / FALSE. Linenumber bar shown on open.\par
PageSize=\tab\tab\tab\tab Page size (lines).\par
ApiShiftSpace=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE / FALSE. Shift+Space active.\par
CmntBlock=\tab\tab\tab\tab comment+,-\tab (masm)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab /*,*/\tab\tab (hla and cpp)\par
ThreadBuild=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE / FALSE. The build commands are run in it's own\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab process.\par
\pard\ri-222\tx9088 ChangeNotify=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE / FALSE. Notification if an open file is changed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab outside editor.\par
\pard HiliteLine=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE/FALSE\par
HiliteCmnt=\tab\tab\tab\tab TRUE/FALSE\par
MinimizeOnBuild=\tab\tab\tab TRUE/FALSE\par
BraceMatch=\tab\tab\tab\tab Left,Right,Line Continuation. Example: (\{[,)\}],\\,\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Dialog]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Dialog editor options.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
Grid=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Show grid, TRUE or FALSE\par
GridX=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Grid x size, 2 to 20\par
GridY=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Grid y size, 2 to 20\par
GridLine=\tab\tab\tab\tab Grid as lines, TRUE or FALSE\par
GridColor=\tab\tab\tab\tab Grid color\par
SnapToGrid=\tab\tab\tab\tab Snap controls to grid, TRUE or FALSE\par
ShowSize=\tab\tab\tab\tab Show size / pos tooltip, TRUE or FALSE\par
SaveRC=\tab\tab\tab\tab Save to RC file, TRUE or FALSE\par
Simpleproperty=\tab\tab\tab\tab RadASM omits most properties. TRUE or FALSE\par
LimittedFont=\tab\tab\tab\tab The fonts weight, italics and character set is not written\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab to the rc script. TRUE or FALSE\par
DlgID=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default Dialog ID\par
CtrlID=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default Controls start ID\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Error]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Assembler errors options.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
BookMark=\tab\tab\tab\tab How RadASM bookmarks assembler errors.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 0=No handling\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 1=Shows bookmark\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 2=Hilites line\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 3=Shows bookmark and hilites line (default)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 4=No visual error marking, goto next error still works\par
nAsm=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Assembler to emulate (if any)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Set to 98 or 99 to use Identify and Skip.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab If set to 98 warnings can be bookmarked.\par
Identify=\tab\tab\tab\tab Word(s) (max 2 comma separated) that identifies a line\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab with a warning or error.\par
Skip=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Number of words to skip before filename.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [CharTab]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Character table definitions.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Default character table for characters 0 to 127\par
0=0000000000000000;00-0F\par
1=0000000000000000;10-1F\par
2=0251222522222232;20-2F\par
3=1111111111242221;30-3F\par
4=1111111111111111;40-4F\par
5=1111111111122221;50-5F\par
6=0111111111111111;60-6F\par
7=1111111111122200;70-7F\par
\par
Character 128 to 255 has default entries for Western and Cyrillic character sets.\par
On all other character sets default is all 0's\par
\par
Table entry meanings.\par
0=No special handling.\par
1=Treated as alpanumeric by hiliter and word selector\par
2=Treated as operator by hiliter\par
3=Treated as alpanumeric by hiliter\par
4=Character initiates comments\par
5=Character initiates strings.\par
6=Character initiates comments if double. Example: //\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Paths]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Paths needed by RadASM.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
$A=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where masm32 is installed, usually C:\\Masm32\par
$B=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds bins, usually $A\\Bin\par
$D=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds addins, usually $R\\AddIns\par
$E=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where your debugger is found, usually C:\\OllyDbg\par
$H=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds help files, usually $A\\Help\par
$I=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds includes, usually $A\\Include\par
$L=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds librarys, usually $A\\Lib\par
$P=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds projects, usually $R\\Projects\par
$S=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds snipplets, usually $R\\Sniplets\par
$T=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds templates, usually $R\\Templates\par
$M=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where RadASM finds keyboard macros, usually $R\\Macro\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MakeFiles]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to create new RadASM projects.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=FileExt\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 32. No holes allowed\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Current extentions\cf2\fs20\par
0=.rap, 1=.rc, 2=.asm, 3=.obj, 4=.res,\par
5=.exe, 6=.def, 7=.dll, 8=.txt, 9=.lib, \par
10=.mak, 11=.hla\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Group]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to create default project file groups.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Group=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of groups.\par
\par
Example masm:\par
[Group]\par
Group=Added files,Assembly,Resources,Misc,Modules\par
\cf1\fs28\par
Section [Project]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to create new RadASM projects.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
Type=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of project types that can be created\par
Files=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of project files that can be created\par
Folders=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of folders that can be created\par
MenuMake=\tab\tab\tab\tab List of menu commands\par
Group=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Default use grouping, TRUE or FALSE\par
GroupExpand=\tab\tab\tab\tab Default expand groups, TRUE or FALSE\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MakeDefNoProject]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to build when no project is opened.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
MenuMake=\tab\tab\tab\tab List of TRUE or FALSE to activate make menu.\par
x=DelCheck,Out,Command,F1[,F2[,Fx]]\tab x is a number between 1 and 9 for normal build\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab or between 11 and 19 for debug build.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab DelCheck is the file to delete before build and\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab the file to check if exist after build. Use 0 to\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab avoid this check. If this is a number then it\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab represents one of the [MakeFiles]\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Out is where to send output, O for RadASM\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab output window or C for console. Use 0 if there\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab are no output. Use ON or CN for unquoted\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab filenames. Use O; for 16 bit programs on\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab win95, 98 or me to avoid hang.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Command is the command to run. Can be blank.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Fx is the list of files to process. If this is a\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab number then it represents one of the [MakeFiles]\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Special characters\cf2\fs20\par
' $ ' Gets the filename from topmost editor window without extention.\par
' | ' Is replaced by a ' , ' in the final stage.\par
' * ' Is used to build modules.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [ProjectType]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Used to create defaults in a new RadASM project.\par
Manually maintained.\par
Note that 'ProjectType' is one of the Type= in section [Project] \par
\par
Api=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Name of section in Assembler.ini. It specifies,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab among others, which api files to load.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The default is Api\par
Files=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of TRUE or FALSE to create files.\par
Folders=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of TRUE or FALSE to create folders.\par
MenuMake=\tab\tab\tab\tab List of TRUE or FALSE to activate make menu.\par
x=DelCheck,Out,Command,F1[,F2[,Fx]]\tab See [MakeDefNoProject]\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Special characters\cf2\fs20\par
' $ ' Gets the filename from topmost editor window without extention.\par
' | ' Is replaced by a ' , ' in the final stage.\par
' * ' Is used to build modules.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuTools]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Tools menu.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
Note: Overrides settings in RadASM.ini\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,T,Command[,File]\tab x is a number between 1 and 32. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab MenuText is the text shown on the menu\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Accel is the asigned accelerator key\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab T is used by RadASM\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Command is the program to run. Path acronym allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Optional File. $ Current open file without extention,\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab $$ Current open file, 0 to 19 Project file (see MakeFiles).\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuHelp]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Help menu.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
Note: Overrides settings in RadASM.ini\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,H,HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab See Tools menu\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuMake]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Make menu.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,M,Command\tab\tab See Tools menu\par
\par
Command can be a series of numbers as described by x= in the [ProjectType]\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MenuMacro]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Keyboard macro menu.\par
Maintained by RadASM option settings.\par
\par
x=MenuText,Accel,M,KbMacroToRun\tab See Tools menu\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [F1-Help]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
F1-help key asignment.\par
Manually maintained.\par
Note: Overrides settings in RadASM.ini\par
\par
F1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to F1. Path acronym allowed\par
CF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Ctrl+F1\par
SF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Shift+F1\par
CSF1=HelpFile.hlp\tab\tab\tab Help file asigned to Ctrl+Shift+F1\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Color]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Code editor colors.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
UseColor=\tab\tab\tab\tab Color hiliting, TRUE or FALSE\par
Back=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor back color\par
Fore=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor text color\par
Bar=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Code editor selection bar\par
Cmnt=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Comments\par
Str=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Strings\par
Oper=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Operators\par
Num=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Numbers and hex values\par
C0=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab C0 Keyword group\par
.\par
.\par
C15=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab C9 Keyword group\par
Output=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Output window back color\par
Outputtext=\tab\tab\tab\tab Output window text color\par
Project=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Project window back color\par
Projecttext=\tab\tab\tab\tab Project window text color\par
Property=\tab\tab\tab\tab Property window back color\par
Propertytext=\tab\tab\tab\tab Property window text color\par
Dialog=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Dialog editor back color\par
\par
The most significant byte in C0 to C15 is used for font type setting.\par
0=Normal\par
1=Bold\par
2=Italics\par
3=Bold italics\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [KeyWords]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Keywords used to hilite words in code editor.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
C0=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab C0 List of keywords, seperated by space\par
.\par
.\par
C15=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab C15 List of keywords\par
C16=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab List of keywords put on hold.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Environment]\cf2\fs20\par
\par
Environment variables.\par
Maintained by RadASM options.\par
\par
x=key,var\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number from 1 and up. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Key is the variable name\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Var is the new value. NOTE if Var ends with a ';' then\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab the old value is added to the new value.\par
\par
Example (hla):\par
[Environment]\par
1=path,c:\\hla;c:\\masm32\\bin;\par
2=lib,c:\\hla\\hlalib\par
3=hlainc,c:\\hla\\include\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Open]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Open file dialog definitions.\par
Manually maintained.\par
\par
x=Text,Filter\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number from 1 and up. No holes allowed\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Text is the text displayed. Filter is the file filter.\par
\par
src=Text,Filter,DefExt\tab\tab\tab Text is the text displayed.\par
hdr=Text,Filter,DefExt\tab\tab\tab Filter is the file filter.\par
mod=Text,Filter,DefExt\tab\tab\tab DefExt is the default file extention.\par
\par
Example (hla):\par
[Open]\par
0="Hla Files (*.hla;*.hhf),*.hla;*.hhf"\par
1="Resource Files (*.rc),*.rc"\par
2="Assembly Files (*.asm;*.inc),*.asm;*.inc"\par
3="Text Files (*.txt),*.txt"\par
4="All Files (*.*),*.*"\par
src="Source (*.hla),*.hla,hla"\par
hdr="Header (*.hhf),*.hhf,hhf"\par
mod="Module (*.hla),*.hla,hla"\par
\par
\cf1\ul\fs28 RadASM project files. (.rap files)\cf2\ulnone\fs20\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Project]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project wizard and project options.\par
\par
Assembler=\tab\tab\tab\tab Assembler is masm, tasm or fasm and tells RadASM\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab which assembler the project is intended for.\par
Type=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Project type. See Assembler.ini section [ProjectType]\par
Description=\tab\tab\tab\tab Text entered when project was created.\par
Backup=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Where the backups are put. Usually $P\\Bak\\\par
Debug=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Debug build, TRUE or FALSE\par
Group=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Use project groups, TRUE or FALSE\par
GroupExpand=\tab\tab\tab\tab Expand groups, TRUE or FALSE\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MakeDef]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project wizard and project options.\par
\par
Menu=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See Assembler.ini section [ProjectType]\par
x=DelCheck,Out,Command,F1[,F2[,Fx]]\tab See Assembler.ini section [ProjectType]\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [MakeFiles]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project wizard.\par
\par
x=ProjectName.ext\tab\tab\tab See Assembler.ini section [MakeFiles]\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Files]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project wizard and project menu.\par
\par
x=File.ext\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number from 1 to 1000 for normal\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab files, and 1001 and up for modules.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab File.ext is a file included in the project.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Group]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project groups.\par
\par
Group=a[,b[,c...]]\tab\tab\tab\tab List of groups\par
x=y\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number from 1 to 1000 for normal\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab files, and 1001 and up for modules.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab y is the group index starting with 1.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Size]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM.\par
\par
x=Left,Top,Right,Bottom[,FilePos]\tab\tab x see section [Files], x=\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Left is mdi childs left position in pixels\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Top is mdi childs top position in pixels\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Width is mdi childs width in pixels\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Height is mdi childs height in pixels\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab FilePos is the carets character position\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab in an edit window. \par
\cf1\fs28 Section [BookMark]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM named bookmarks.\par
\par
x=nFile,Line\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 9\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab nFile see section [Files], x=\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Line is the line number where the\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab bookmark is set.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [BreakPoint]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM breakpoints.\par
\par
x=nFile,Line\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number between 0 and 255\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab nFile see section [Files], x=\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Line is the line number where the\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab breakpoint is set.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [AutoLoad]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project context menu.\par
\par
x=AutoLoad\tab\tab\tab\tab x see section [Files], x=\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab AutoLoad, TRUE or FALSE\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [VerInf]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project versioninfo.\par
\par
Nme=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
ID=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
FV=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
PV=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
VerOS=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
VerFT=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
VerLNG=\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
VerCHS=\tab\tab\tab\tab See RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
Text=Value\tab\tab\tab\tab Text see  RadASM.ini section [VerInf]\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Value is text set by user.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Resource]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project resource.\par
\par
x=Name,ID,Type,File\tab\tab\tab x is a number 1 and up\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Name is the name of the resource\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ID is the id number of the resource\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Type is a number 0 to 9\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Filename is the resource file\par
\par
\cf1\fs24 Resource types\cf2\fs20\par
0=Bitmap\par
1=Cursor\par
2=Icon\par
3=Image\par
4=Midi\par
5=Wawe\par
6=Avi\par
7=Rcdata\par
8=Manifest\par
9=Font\par
10=AniCursor\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [StringTable]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project stringtable.\par
\par
x="Name,ID,String"\tab\tab\tab x is a number 1 and up\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Name is the name of the string resource\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ID is the id number of the string resource\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab String is the text\par
\cf1\fs28\par
Section [Accel]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project accelerator.\par
\par
Nme=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The name for the table.\par
ID=\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab The ID for the table.\par
x=Name,ID,Asii,Ctrl+Shift+Alt\tab\tab x is a number 1 and up\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Name is the name of the accelerator\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ID is the id for the accelerator\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Ascii is the ascii value for the key\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Ctrl+Shift+Alt is the numeric sum of the keys.\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Language]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM project language.\par
\par
Language=\tab\tab\tab\tab Value found in RadASM.ini section [LANGUAGE]\par
SubLanguage=\tab\tab\tab\tab Value found in RadASM.ini section [LANGUAGE]\par
\par
\cf1\fs28 Section [Find]\par
\cf2\fs20\par
Maintained by RadASM Find / Replace dialog.\par
\par
x="Find text"\tab\tab\tab\tab x is a number 1 to 10. "Find text" is one\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab of the most recent searches.\par
\cf1\fs28\par
}
 